data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/buzexe		    mytool,x-tool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/deuc			    mytool,x-tool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/findnolrcs		    mytool,x-tool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lwin			    mytool,x-tool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mimg			    mytool,x-tool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mkfs.ntfs		    mkfsntfs
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/music-dl		    mytool,x-tool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ncmdump		    mytool,x-tool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/qmcdump		    mytool,x-tool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/rido			    rish-sui,rish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/rish			    rish-sui,rish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/shizuku		    rish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sui			    rish-sui,rish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/termux-switch	    termux-switch
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/tidyfile		    tidyfile
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/um			    music-unlock
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/x-am			    mytool,x-tool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/x-losetup		    mytool,x-tool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/x-op			    mytool,x-tool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/x-su			    mytool,x-tool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/x-sudo		    mytool,x-tool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/rish/librish.so	    rish-sui
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/rish/rish.dex	    rish-sui
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/rish/rish_shizuku.dex    rish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/rish/shizuku.dex	    rish
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/termux-switch/en_US.conf termux-switch
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/termux-switch/termux-switch.conf termux-switch
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/etc/termux-switch/zh_CN.conf termux-switch
